chore(release): modify the Java compatibility description. (#321)
apache/incubator-hugegraph-doc: content/en/docs/changelog/hugegraph-1.2.0-release-notes.md

1. hugegraph, hugegraph-toolchain, hugegraph-commons consider use Java 11, also compatible with Java 8 now. 
2. hugegraph-computer required to use Java 11, **not compatible with Java 8 now!**

> **v1.2.0 may be the last version compatible with Java 8 (assuming there is no 1.3 and 1.4).** Compatibility with Java 8 will end with v1.5 (excluding the client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**v1.2.0 may be the last major version compatible with Java 8**, compatibility with Java 8 will totally end in v1.5 when [PD/Store](https://github.com/apache/incubator-hugegraph/issues/2265) merged into master branch (Except for the `java-client`).
```
